	March 15th, 2021
CMPUT 301 Team 24 Meeting on Project Part 3 Clarification
______________________________________________________________________________

Summary: Merging, Profile, Firestore, QR code and Experiment clarifications
	
______________________________________________________________________________

Clarifications:
	- Profile persistance between launches is not necessary for part 3 deliverable
		- Persistence likely come from hardware ID or something related to the device it is being used on
	- Experiment unpublishing makes them not visible to users BUT stored in DB
		- isVisible() within the experiment class
		- Scan through firebase "Experiment" Collection and add all Experiments that have a isVisible() return
	- "Owners" and "Experimenters" collections will be condensed into "Users"
		- Because an owner can also be an experimenter, thus making it tidier
		- Appropriate fields will be added to the User documents to indicate what experiments the owner uses and which they participate in
	- Revert broken code from MAIN branch
		- Only merge to branch with completed segments to have a always stable MAIN

News:
	- Linray is to continue working on experiments and may require help to finalize the class during the week.
		- Functionalities have not been implemented yet.
	- Product Backlog has changed over to using issues
		- Milestones have been set within the issues tab for PT 2,3,4 of the project
	- Issues have been created for updating UML and Storyboard
		- Both provide insight as to what to look for when making changes
	- QR code development is moving along nicely, working out how to get camera access and read codes.
		- Mentioned that saving the generated codes in the photo gallery might be ideal since they need to be printed (US 03.01.01)

Goals (Wednesday, March 17, night):
	- Fix main branch to have only stable code
	- Continue developing experiments (Linray)
	- Develop tests (Tyler & Nikita)
	- Update UML and help Linray (Kevin)
	- Update Storyboard (Matt and Tyler)
	- Update wiki (Tyler)
	- Continue QR code development (Ryan)
	- Merge all functioning code to main branch (ALL)
______________________________________________________________________________
	
	Next meeting:
	- Thursday, March 18, 7:30 MST (After TA meeting)
